title: α7 : neo
author: Aedaeum
date: 10/25/2016

# ui-ux changes

>- **Modals!!** - Not everyone knows what a modal is. It's an interactive popup window generated by JavaScript usually. There are CSS ones as well.

>- **Dark Theme Forever** - Okay, so maybe not forever, but for the foreseeable future, the dark theme will be the default theme.

>- **Everyone Likes to Scroll** - Dynamic scrollbars added that blend with the design of the site. These will be updated in the future.

>- **Are you a Robot?** - When signing up, there will be a "Robot" check to make sure you're not an automated bot trying to log into the site.

>- **Error Popups!** - Every once in a while if an error occurs, you'll get a small notification in the bottom right of the screen. You can click the 'X' to hide it.

>- **Read EVERYthing** - The wording on the site has undergone many changes, so take your time with it, especially the FAQ.

>- **Do you like Internet Explorer?** - I don't, and therefore there is no support for it currently. If you're using IE, you'll be prompted to download a "real" browser  *:P* Of course there are technical reasons why IE is not supported currently, opinions aside.

>- **Who doesn't like Cute Sheep?** - When you hit a page that can't be found or you're not authorized to see, look out for the cute sheep!

>- **New Logo and Icons** - You'll notice a brand new logo with, of course, a cute sheep.

# new features

>- **Are you Typing?** - When a user is typing, their Nickname will blink a certain color in the user list. When a user pauses typing mid sentence, the Nickname will blink a different color.

>- **Everyone Emotes!** - The Chat now supports emotes, not to be confused with emoticons. When you type the `/me` command followed by some text like this: `/me likes owls`, everyone will see a special message that says `<you> like owls` where `<you>` is replaced with your Nickname.

>- **Don't like your Nickname?** - Change it with the `/nick` command.

>- **Invite Only!** - To take the strain off the current testing phase of the site, I've decided to make the site invite-only. This will be pending on the overall popularity of the site and its resources.

>- **Sign In? What's That?** - I know, there was no way to actually Signup or Login to the site. This is no longer the case. It took a lot of revisions and updates, but it's finally here. You can login with either a Facebook or Google+/Gmail account.
>- This is a bigger discussion, but for right now these are the only ways to login. Eventually I plan on having a login system that incorperates more social networks and a method for those who have no social network accounts.

>- **Did Someone Say Changelog?** - You're reading it right now! This section will only be updated with major releases and will generally be a decent length, so buckle up.
>- If you would like to know about the day-to-day changes or quick fixes that pop out from time to time, you can request the repo link in chat and I just _might_ give if to you if you're _special_ enough _:P_

# look forward to
>- **Fixes** - General fixes and tuning of the site.

>- **Stats** - Stats may or may not be visible, but they will be tracked.

>- **Chat Notices** - And possibly, maybe... [notices]

# bits and bobs

>- **Lotsa Names** - The site has gone through about 3 name changes: Amenaeble, Noumaenon,
and finally [Noumenae].


[Noumenae]:/#/home/faq/noumenae
[notices]:/#faq/notice